---
layout: pages
title:  "Welcome"
date:   2017-08-29
---

**08/29/2017**

Welcome to my CS135 Fall 2017 lab section! \*pops party popper\*

Attendance in the lab is *not* mandatory. You may complete and submit your exercises and assignments completely from the comfort of
your own homes. However, in the labs I will talk about upcoming exercises, go over past exercises, answer questions, go over
topics that you might be confused about, give you tips about the class in general, and help you with your exercises and assignments
if you need it so I recommend attending the labs if you find yourself struggling.

Keep in mind that I may or may not talk throughout the whole hour. Some labs, I may find that I don't have much to talk about and leave 
you to your work. I try to avoid simply rehashing your lectures after all. You can work and call out to me or come up to the front if you 
need help. The times when I will have something to say are around when an exercise / assignment is due soon or after an exercise / assignment
due date has just passed (just remember: I am not in charge of assignments, your professors are). But I'm always open to requests: if you
want me to explain something for the benifit of the whole lab, just ask.

I do try to complete the exercises myself if I have time so I can show you my program / code during the lab after the due date but I will not post
the code on this page or email it to you.

After a couple exercises, you should get used to how the submission and grading is going to look like in my lab. I should have explained it
pretty well in the first lab but I will repeat the most important points here incase you missed it:

1. Email your program / file to me using the mail command and follow all of the guidelines
2. It is very important that you type the Exercise number in your subject line as such: Exercise #_number_
3. Once I am finished grading your exercises, I will post a news update here
4. If you have not recieved a grade sheet after I posted a news post about having completed grading, either your program was late and as a result, I could not grade it
(I would have sent an email informing you of this) or I did not receive your program and you need to contact me asap

That's all! If there are any major updates, like a due date change I will post about it here. If you have an RSS feed reader, add this page
to get updated right away. I'm looking forward to a great semester with this lab! \ (•◡•) /

P.S. I'm an undergraduate student like you. I don't bite. ʕ•ᴥ•ʔ
